Meeting scheduling

The problem concerns planning a meeting among several participants. This can be viewed as a constraint satisfaction
 problem where each participant has time constraints resulting from their calendar and preferences.
 The problem is decentralized in nature, usually there is no arbitrary party that can facilitate the process of negotiation.
 There are N agents among whom a meeting is to be set up. Each agent has a contact list for participants selection and
 a calendar which is a set consisting of time slots when meetings could be scheduled (assume that calendar is finite -
 bounded and enumerable, slot starts at full time and lasts for the multiplicity of 1 hour). Each slot has a preference
 expressed as a number ∈ [0,1], the closer to 1 the more preferred the slot is for a meeting for the particular agent.
 Agent's calendar is a private space, held by the agent and not known to the other agents. Ensure that the meeting is
 always scheduled if there exists at least one available slot for all agents under consideration, maximize the global
 preference (=sum of preferences of all agents for a given slot). The goal is to design and implement a protocol for
 meeting scheduling according to the above. The protocol may take several steps to complete, each agent may send more
 than one proposal at once. The intention is to imitate a natural process of meeting scheduling in a decentralized fashion.



 Follow the guidelines:

     identify agent types, | one type agents ScheduleAgent
     identify agent responsibilities, | because of the decentralisation all have the same responsibilities
     set the naming scheme, | ???
     identify the interaction between agents, | yes
     design the basic algorithm for the protocol, | yes
     establish the content language, basic concepts and templates for message exchange, | yes
     design agent behaviours based on identified interaction, algorithm and communication elements, | yes
     implement the multi-agent system on the JADE platform. | yes

 The process should be readable and understandable. Please, print out all the necessary information to visualize your process.
 There is no need for UI elements, you can pass all your input data as program parameters and use STDOUT to show the results.




 Class :
 ScheduleAgent
 args :

 variables :
 Private

 Cool mais overthink
 schedule  : Hashtable<int (years 20??), Hashtable>
 year : Hashtable<int (month 1-12), Hashtable>
 month : Hashtable<int (day 1-?), Hashtable>
 day : Hashtable<int (hour 0-23), float (0-1)>

 Solution taken
 disponibilitiesHashtable : Hashtable<String (year-month-day-hour), float (0-1))

 friends : List of string


 message_content :
 - list des participants | participantsList
 - nombre de participant deja interroge | respondentNumber
 - list des dispo avec leurs moyennes | averageDisponibilitiesList
 - emeteur | meetingCreator

    message form :
    meetingCreator,respondentNumber,participantsList,averageDisponibilitiesList

    averageDisponibilitiesHashtable : Hashtable<String (year-month-day-hour), float (average))


 ScheduleGui (not dev)


 On considere que tout le monde reponds

 Explication

first try

 Definit la liste 0-1
 Createur de reunion envoie sa liste de 1 au premier participant
 Le participant supprime tous les dates qui ne sont pas des 1 pour lui
    Si la liste est vide il en informe le createur (1)
    Si la liste n'est pas vide il l'envoi au prochain participants (Le dernier participant revoie la liste au createur)
 Le createur choisi un creneau dans la liste

 (1)


really working

 L'emeteur definit une liste de personne et une liste de date
 Envoi la liste de personne et la liste de date a une personne au hasard et le nom de l'emeteur de la reunion et le nombre de personne ayant repondu
    Modification de la moyenne en fonction de sa liste de date et d'une nombre de personne ayant repondu
    Supprime son nom de la liste et ajoute 1 au nombre de personne qui on repondu

    Si la liste est vide renvoi a l'emeteur sinon envoi a une personne au hasard ...



Division du travail

Eliot
- Composition / Decomposition du message
- Creer date
- Creer hashtable + attribution random float

Pierre
- Faire la communication entre les agents
- copie colle nettoie agent
- Fonction average = average(hashtable.get(horaire), tavaleur, respondentNumber) | dev pas verif


A faire pour le prochain
Algo case par case